feat(sidebar): Desktop sidebars are now resizable (#1217)
rstudio/bslib: NEWS.md

* When `bs_theme(brand = FALSE)` we now correctly do not apply brand theming when a `_brand.yml` file is present in the project. (#1196)

> * Collapsible sidebars from `page_sidebar()` and `layout_sidebar()` are now also resizable, allowing users to resize the sidebar width as desired. (#1217)

Author: ```suggestion
* Sidebars from `page_sidebar()` and `layout_sidebar()` are now resizable on desktop-sized screen widths, allowing users to resize the sidebar width as desired. (#1217)
```
